EZP-28009: Extract the RichText FieldType to its own package (#452)
ezsystems/developer-documentation: docs/api/field_type_reference.md

|------|------|------|
|`RichText`|`ezrichtext`|mixed|

> The RichText Field Type is stored in https://github.com/ezsystems/ezplatform-richtext.

Reviewer: After giving it more thought, "stored" sounds weird, maybe:
```suggestion
The RichText Field Type is available via the eZ Platform RichText Bundle provided by the  https://github.com/ezsystems/ezplatform-richtext package.
```
